GN - Strategy - Sustainability - Senior Manager
JOB NO. 91026

GN - Strategy - Sustainability - Manager
JOB NO. 91016

HP Spectre x360 Convertible Laptop PC 14-ea0000 (1Q879AV)

Product Name	HP Spectre x360 Convertible Laptop PC 14-ea0000 (1Q879AV)	 
Product Line	Consumer Premium Notebooks	 
Product Number	31G41PA	 
Serial Number	5CD1288JNT


Technical Program Manager - #67634
https://www.flipkartcareers.com/#!/job-view/technical-program-manager-bangalore-karnataka-technical-program-management-agile-stakeholder-management-2023091919491765

hp smart support

GN - Tech Strategy & Advisory - Artificial intelligence - Manager
BENGALURU  JOB NO. 90714


GN - Tech Strategy & Advisory - Transformation Office - Manager
BENGALURU  JOB NO. 90726

Qualifications: • MBA Degree from Tier-1 College (Preferable)
• Bachelor’s Degree
• AI/ML/Cloud AI Certifications preferred
• Minimum of 10-15 years large scale consulting experience and managing teams in a consulting environment or at high tech companies
Experience: We are looking for Advanced Analytics and AI Managers to join our growing team having experience with Machine learning and NLP applications. Operating across all stages of the innovation spectrum, with a remit to build the future in real-time.
Experience in designing and building end-to-end AI Strategy & solutions using Cloud & Non-Cloud AI ML, NLP algo.
Assessment: Works as part of multi-disciplinary teams and responsible for independently driving specific AI workstreams through collaboration with designers, other AI team members, platform & Data engineers, business subject matter experts and technology delivery teams to assess AI potential and develop use cases. Liaises effectively with global community and senior leadership to identify and drive value opportunities around AI, support investments in POCs, pilots and chargeable projects.
Design: The Manager’s role on these projects centers around independently executing workstreams around the application of analytics, data science and advanced cognitive methods to derive insights & actions from data and develop POCs and appropriate high-level scalable solution designs. Strong expertise in designing AutoML, MLOps AI solutions using any of the Cloud services (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Architecture: The nature of these projects change as ideas and concepts mature, ranging from research, proofs-of-concept and the art-of-the-possible to the delivery of real-world applications for our clients. Focus in this area is on the impact to client’s technology landscape/ architecture and ensuring formulation of relevant guiding principles and platform components. Expertise in designing Enterprise AI strategy, Responsible AI frameworks is preferred.
Strong experience handling multiple end-to-end AI Lifecycle projects from Data preparation, Modeling, Build, Train & Deploy.
Product/ Framework/ Tool evaluation: Collaborate with business experts for business understanding, working with other consultants and platform engineers for solutions and with technology teams for prototyping and client implementations. Evaluate existing products and frameworks available and develop options for proposed solutions. Have an understanding of the framework/ tools to engage the client in meaningful discussions and steer towards the right recommendation.
Modeling: Strong SME knowledge in Data Preparation, Feature engineering, Feature selection, Training datasets, Algorithmic selection, Optimizing & Production deployment.
Work as a technical SME to teams and client on advising right AI solutions.
The Manager should have practical industry expertise. The areas of Financial Services, Retail, Telecommunications, Life Sciences and Resources are of interest but experience in equivalent domains is also welcomed. Consultants should understand the key technology trends in their domain and the related business implications.

Restructure and summarize the below paragraph for the purpose of generating profile summary for the resume.

A versatile technical leader with more than a decade of experience in IT who blends people leadership, technical expertise, and a dedication to high-value product delivery. Proven skills in engineering, system design, data-driven decision-making, and cross-functional collaboration to drive successDirects, manages, leads, and coordinates the integration of existing and/or new Information Technology solutions for accurate data collection, processing, modeling and analysis according to requirements of one or more functions, businesses, geographies, and/or IT transformational activities.
An MBA from IIM Calcutta, a PG Diploma in AI & ML from IIIT Bangalore, and Bachelor’s in Computer Science.Currently pursuing online Masters program in AI & ML requiring 2550 hours of study

Currently pursuing Masters program in AI & ML requiring 2550 hours of study

Seasoned technical leader with 10+ years of experience in IT, specializing in end to end AI Lifecycle projects, advanced analytics  and  related use cases. Proven track record of success in developing and delivering high-value products, leveraging engineering, system design, data-driven decision-making, and cross-functional collaboration. 
An MBA from IIM Calcutta, a PG Diploma in AI & ML from IIIT Bangalore, and a Bachelor’s in Computer Science. 

Highly skilled technical leader with over a decade in IT, adept at merging people leadership and technical prowess for high-value product delivery. Demonstrates Strong ability to plan and manage numerous processes, people and projects simultaneously.expertise in engineering, system design, data-driven decision-making, and cross-functional collaboration to achieve success. Proficient in directing, managing, and coordinating IT solutions for accurate data processing and analysis, aligned with business needs and transformation goals.

Proven capacity to concurrently plan and oversee multiple processes, people, and projects. Expert in engineering, system design, data-driven decision-making, and cross-functional collaboration for successful outcomes.

Managed Analytics portfolio in Supply Chain and Material Cost. Oversaw 9 direct reports, including 2 product managers. Fostered career growth, promoting 2 engineers to tech anchors in the past 2 years.	

Played the role of SME for providing AI soltions to a core client Deloitte. Also led multiple POC demonstrating capabilities related to NLP based categorization and sentiment analysis catering to various use cases for unstructured data.Delivered real-world NLP based competitive intelligence  product to Deloitte three weeks ahead of schedule by leading the project in a team of 10 cross functional members.Improved categorization accuracy by 40% of AI based semantic intelligence engine by supervising the execution by the development team of 12-15 people located in different time zones.


Served as the SME for AI solutions at Deloitte, leading multiple POCs showcasing NLP-based categorization and sentiment analysis. Successfully delivered production grade real-world NLP-based competitive intelligence product to Deloitte one month ahead of schedule by overseeing a 10-member cross-functional team. Also enhanced categorization accuracy by 40% for an AI-based Sector sensing application, directing effors with a development team of 12-15 members across different time zones for improving data preparation and feature engineering.

As Deloitte's AI Solutions SME, led POCs for NLP-based categorization and sentiment analysis. Oversaw a 10-member team, delivering a real-world competitive  intelligence NLP product a month early. Improved categorization accuracy by 40% for an AI-based sector sensing app, guiding a global team of 12-15 for data prep enhancements.
Handpicked by current CEO over eight other resources of similar skill set to closely work with Prof Bharat Anand of HBS (Strategy) on social media and internet experiments on Twitter, Google search results and Amazon kindle

Versatile IT leader with over a decade of experience, adept at merging people leadership and technical prowess to deliver high-value products and services. Proven capacity to concurrently manage multiple processes, people, and projects, with expertise in engineering, system design, data-driven decision-making, and cross-functional collaboration for successful outcomes.

C:\Users\braje\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python311
C:\Users\braje\anaconda3

2627813066910

18001801290
18601801290
01139020202

customercare@sbicard.com

https://jobs.natwestgroup.com/jobs/13397562-principal-engineer-director
Principal Engineer, Director
#R-00220171

C:\WINDOWS\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\
C:\WINDOWS\system32\cmd.exe
C:\WINDOWS\system32\cmd.exe - python  -i


C:\Users\braje\anaconda3\Library\bin\
C:\Users\braje\anaconda3\Scripts\
C:\Users\braje\anaconda3\condabin\
if conda does not work from command prompt use conda.bat

OPENAI_API_KEY="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"




